Jorge where the couple in the novel on the tile
date button
inside the country when you believe in a
Today's economic newspaper
three goals here the same as 1 defeat
in the photo you know that, do not you think
store where the recipe already has in the head
for our purpose, not my family
I see that I never hit you back by
actors the same contrast ratio already has
gre universe that has none that does not
I just do not use anything
[Music]
the law 30 at the time with a garrote that
people look only favors who is happy
one who does not follow a godfather does not
passes away
he said the other girl was in the
track
these times only won seen the club
canoes scopes as say easy fight
live now
the resort called for tomorrow's duel at
night 19 won 11 and college
those of us who if the person is who
tell the person if the dinner is
like the environment
sai takes his name and that is normal skype
internet banking and also people
who suffer from some larger hole in the zone
euro was losing the area where it occurs
the dollar left the power in the house of the mother in the
euro zone woke up and came to tell you
in the eyes that the person of my friend of
boy it's like making a living with friends
fernanda de castro silva and his panel of
babies who are from holes
I know who speak do not know and only missing
sign but the same is not
by the table the Basque got the
andré and morning beauty in luanda my
homeland alagoas maceió and already say of 2010
the judgment
Jorge but I 'm not crazy about wilson.